Editorial: Add response stream to Response Section (#1135)
graphql/graphql-spec: spec/Section 7 -- Response.md

## Response Format

A GraphQL request returns either a _response_ or a _response stream_.

### Response

> :: A GraphQL request will return a _response_ when the GraphQL operation is a

Reviewer: Maybe more of a personal thing but I tend to avoid future tense in spec/docs. I like that it "sounds" more universal and is generally easier to read. But I just checked the spec and there's a fair amount of future tense there so take this with a pinch of salt.

```suggestion
:: A GraphQL request returns a _response_ when the GraphQL operation is a
```

Author: Agreed, updated
